usage: python -m gtm_core.email_campaign_dashboard [-h] --profile PROFILE
                                                   [--content-root CONTENT_ROOT]
                                                   [--no-stubs]
                                                   [--scope {campaign,open,all}]
                                                   [--campaign CAMPAIGN]
                                                   [--refresh-all]
                                                   [--check-fresh]

Render the email-campaign status page.

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --profile PROFILE
  --content-root CONTENT_ROOT
  --no-stubs            do not rewrite the retired pages
  --scope {campaign,open,all}
                        which campaigns the page is about. 'campaign' needs
                        --campaign and renders exactly those; 'open' renders
                        the campaigns whose manifest status is active; 'all'
                        is the profile-wide rollup. Defaults to 'campaign'
                        when --campaign is given and 'all' otherwise, so
                        existing callers are unchanged. A tile that cannot be
                        aggregated honestly over the scope refuses to render
                        rather than reporting one campaign's figure under the
                        set's label.
  --campaign CAMPAIGN   the slugs for --scope campaign: ONE, or several as a
                        comma-separated list. Every slug must have a manifest;
                        unknown slugs are refused rather than silently falling
                        back to the rollup, which is a different campaign's
                        numbers.
  --refresh-all         re-render every page that already exists, each under
                        its own recorded scope. Only the profile rollup is
                        refreshed automatically, so the scoped pages go stale
                        silently — a stale page renders identically to a
                        current one. This is the one remedy for a red --check-
                        fresh. A page whose campaign no longer resolves is
                        listed as a retired candidate and left as it is. Exits
                        successfully only when --check-fresh would then be
                        green: non-zero if any page failed or cannot be re-
                        rendered (no recorded scope, a damaged sidecar, a
                        deleted page file, a symlink), naming each with the
                        command that clears it, and non-zero if the sending
                        figures are too old (a re-render cannot refresh them).
                        Cannot be combined with --check-fresh.
  --check-fresh         do not render — report whether the pages are still
                        built from what is on disk now, and exit non-zero if
                        not. With no --scope and no --campaign this checks
                        EVERY page under the profile, because the rollup is
                        the only one anything re-renders on its own and the
                        scoped pages go stale silently. It also goes red when
                        the sending figures are older than the limit, which no
                        amount of re-digesting can see; that holds for a named
                        --scope or --campaign too, judged by the figures that
                        page itself recorded. A named page is judged by the
                        same rules as the all-pages form. --campaign goes with
                        --scope campaign only and must name a campaign that
                        has a manifest. The remedy is --refresh-all, then
                        check again. Cannot be combined with --refresh-all.
